- it is important that we understand lambdas and streams and take it as second nature because of how commonly used it is. It is different than
what were used to but to be able to learn the fundementals of this would help us code more powerful programs. Lambdas and streams have made it much 
easier to use a really powerful style of programming in Java called functional programming. while OOP makes us focus on objects like Car in the video example
FP or functional style helps us focus on the function that will produce the same output for the same input. Lambdas also help us reduce the amount of characters
in a program and helpe make clean and small functions easily and streams allow us to process lists of data. 

functional interfaces should have exactly one abstract method and it is recommended we use @FunctionalInterface annotations 
to ensure there would be no extra methods that get added. "Most of the time, you actually won't need to write your own functional interfaces". 
In the java documents from Oracle themselves most lambda expressions you would write is most likely to be covered in the documents. In our case 
the video used the operation IntBinaryOperation.

in the examples used we created streams. we got it from an array and arraylist and we had .sorted() that sorts the elements and .forEach() that should take 
the elements and processes them. We needdedd a terminal operation like .forEach() in order to trigger the work. our forEach methdod is a functional interface
so it can be easily converted into a lambda expression like item -> System.out.println(item)

  
Quizzes and answers
What is true about functions in functional programming?

  The output is always the same, as long as the input doesn't change.

What is the correct syntax for a lambda that prints "Hello World" to the console?

    () -> System.out.println("Hello world");

What effect does adding the @FunctionalInterface annotation to a class have?

    This annotation means the compiler will generate an error if the conditions of a functional interface 
    are not met—including that it must contain a single abstract method.

What is the main reason for using the functional interfaces defined in the java.util.function package?

    They satisfy most developers' needs for creating lambdas.

Which option is a valid stream operation?

    This is a valid operation. `forEach` is a terminal method so it has to go at the end of the method chain.




